# CSC8101-Documentation

The student documentation repository for the Newcastle University CSC8101 Big 
Data Analytics coursework.

Course details and additional information are available 
[here](https://sites.google.com/site/paolomissier/home/for-students/csc8101-big-data-analytics).

## Requesting Help

There are various practical sessions across the course where you can ask for
help from the demonstrators. This is primary way to get help on the coursework
so please take advantage of these sessions.

If you need help outside of the practicals then you can use the 
[issues section](https://github.com/tomncooper/CSC8101-Documentation/issues) of 
this documentation repository to post questions. This will allow you to see if the 
question has been asked and answered already. Frequently asked questions will be 
added to the relevant courseworks's FAQ.

## Deadlines and Assessment                                                     

### Code submission                                                             

Your final Spark program source files and your command line program for Task 3 
of the Cassandra Coursework should be submitted to NESS by:

16:00 ??/02/2017      

All student VMâ€™s will be stopped at this time. They will only be started again 
for your viva. Therefore make sure that you have all the code you intend to show 
in your viva on your VM before this point.

### Viva                                                          
                                                                            
The final assessment for this module is a 20 min viva (interview) with 2 
demonstrators. In this viva you will explain the workings of your code, the 
structure of your Spark programs and Cassandra table schema and answer questions 
from the demonstrators. 

If you feel slides would help you explain your code then feel free to use them, 
however a formal presentation is not required.

A demonstration of your code running is expected. However, if you have not been 
able to complete a particular task the demonstrators will ask you how you would 
have approached it. You can still gain marks for a detailed explanation, though 
obviously less than if you had completed the task successfully.

The vivas will be spread across several days. This 
[Doodle Poll](doodle poll link) will allow you to select a timeslot for the 
viva. Please enter your Student Number and Name against your desired slot. If 
you are unable to attend any of the viva slots please contact Dr Missier via 
email.

## Cassanda Database Coursework

Release date: 01/02/2017

[Coursework Specification](cassandra/cassandra-coursework-spec.md)

[Coursework FAQ](cassandra/cassandra-faq.md)

## Spark Coursework

Release date: 06/02/2017

[Coursework Specification](spark/spark-coursework-spec.md)

[Coursework FAQ](spark/spark-faq.md)

## Spark Streaming Coursework

Release date: 13/02/2017

[Coursework Specification](spark-streaming/spark-streaming-coursework-spec.md)

[Coursework FAQ](spark/spark-streaming-faq.md)
